there everyone and welcome to the sims 3
news today I have one big story to talk
about when the computer and there is a
new trailer for The Sims 3 pets on the
console only slight only the console
trainer but I just thought I'd shut to
you today because it is the cemetery
news and it's anything that happens with
the simmer so it's about the same speed
pets on the console so here we guys
what's the video piggy 12 the sims 3
pets is coming to cancel create unique
pants with infinite possibilities
explore their world
you
unleash you karma powers
Oh
and the sims 3 paths is better with
kinect for xbox 360 you direct the
action with your voice sit down be
friendly
my life is better with past how will you
play the sims 3 pets or console
play with pants white with white sighs
you just saw that was a cemetery pets
trailer for the console and xbox and ps3
and it will be released on the 21st of
October don't forget you can keep in
touch with me at twitter at the
legendary 894 i'm also on facebook at
the legendary 934 productions you can
search that in the search bar i'm also
on the sims free website at the sim free
com my page stat and it 94 thanks
for watching and I'll see you soon
member